May 13, 2012


  Police Find 49 Bodies by a Highway in Mexico


            By KARLA ZABLUDOVSKY

MEXICO CITY — Forty-nine mutilated bodies were found dumped along a
highway on Sunday near Monterrey, Mexico
<http://topics.nytimes.com/top/news/international/countriesandterritories/mexico/index.html?inline=nyt-geo>’s
third-largest city, according to officials.

The security spokesman for the state of Nuevo León, which includes
Monterrey, said that it would be difficult to identify the victims — 6
women and 43 men — because their heads, hands and legs had been cut off.
It was not immediately clear when the people were killed; the bodies
already showed signs of decay, officials said.

A message left near the scene suggested that the extremely violent Zetas
drug cartel
<http://topics.nytimes.com/top/news/international/countriesandterritories/mexico/drug_trafficking/index.html?inline=nyt-classifier>
was responsible.

The bodies were found less than a week after officials authorized
extending the army’s presence in Nuevo León and the neighboring state of
Tamaulipas until the end of November. President Felipe Calderón began
sending federal troops to fight organized crime syndicates in many parts
of the country when he took office in 2006; violence related to the drug
cartels and the crackdown on them has claimed more than 50,000 lives,
most of them in states like Nuevo León near the American border.

The state attorney general, Adrián de la Garza, said the bodies were
found in Cadereyta Jiménez, which is just east of Monterrey and 105
miles southwest of McAllen, Tex. Mr. de la Garza said the victims might
have been migrants headed for the United States, though he pointed out
that some of the bodies had tattoos of the “Santa Muerte,” the Mexican
skeletal saint of death.

As the drug cartels have diversified their activities to include
extortion, money laundering and human trafficking, they have taken aim
at Central and South Americans passing through Mexico on their way
north. Last year, the bodies of 193 people who were believed to have
been migrants were discovered in a grave in San Fernando in Tamaulipas.
A year earlier, 72 massacred migrants were found in the same area. The
Zetas, one of the most ruthless of Mexico’s gangs, are believed to have
been responsible for both mass killings.

The Zetas began as assassins for the powerful Gulf cartel, but split off
in 2010 and have been waging a turf war with other criminal gangs,
including the Sinaloa cartel, since then.


   TESTING:
   Bodies located at   25°40′N 100°18′W
   Bodies located at   25°40′25"N 100°18′33"W
   Bodies located at   25°40.4N 100°18.1W

